Add link to python docs on logging levels (#9925)
pytest-dev/pytest: doc/en/how-to/logging.rst

You can specify the logging level for which log records with equal or higher
level are printed to the console by passing ``--log-cli-level``. This setting

> accepts the logging level names as seen in
> `python's documentation <https://docs.python.org/3/library/logging.html#logging-levels>`_
> or an integer as the logging level num.

Reviewer: Let's use a Sphinx reference instead of linking directly. I also suggest making the sentence a bit shorter:

```suggestion
accepts the logging level names or numeric values as seen in
:ref:`logging's documentation <python:levels>`.
```
